splice_spark2/README.md, before:

## Native Spark Data Source (NSDS)

### Troubleshooting

#### Kafka Timeout / Kafka Bootstrap Server Config

NSDS times out on Kafka when this param isn't set properly.
The _splice.kafka.bootstrapServers_ param is used by the classes in the DB to connect to Kafka.

In a bare metal installation, be sure the config parameter _splice.kafka.bootstrapServers_ is set as described in [CDH-installation](../platforms/cdh6.3.0/docs/CDH-installation.md) or [HDP-installation](../platforms/hdp3.1.0/docs/HDP-installation.md).

In standalone, it should be fine using the default of _localhost:9092_ and the config param won't need to be set.

### Kafka Maintenance

The [Kafka Maintenance process](src/main/java/com/splicemachine/nsds/kafka/KafkaMaintenance.java) can be run on the 
command line like

    java -cp $jars/splice_spark2-3.1.0.1959-SNAPSHOT-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/kafka-clients-2.2.1-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/log4j-1.2.17.jar:$jars/slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25.jar:$jars/slf4j-api-1.7.15.jar \
        -Dlog4j.configuration=file:$props/info-log4j.properties com.splicemachine.nsds.kafka.KafkaMaintenance localhost:9092 /tmp/km.dat

where $jars is the path to the directory containing the jars from the spliceengine build,
$props is the path to the directory containing the splice log4j properties file, 
localhost:9092 is the host and port of the Kafka server,
and /tmp/km.dat is a data file that will be written by KafkaMaintenance.

An optional parameter that may be added is the number of minutes for the age cutoff. 
A topic won't be deleted until it's older than the cutoff.
It defaults to the number of minutes in a day.

#### Kafka Maintenance Set Up on Bare Metal

In a bare metal installation, set up an hourly cron job like

    0 * * * * export jars=<full path to the dir containing the spliceengine jars>; java -cp $jars/splice_spark2-3.1.0.1959-SNAPSHOT-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/kafka-clients-2.2.1-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/log4j-1.2.17.jar:$jars/slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25.jar:$jars/slf4j-api-1.7.15.jar -Dlog4j.configuration=file:<full path to the directory containing the splice log4j properties file>/info-log4j.properties com.splicemachine.nsds.kafka.KafkaMaintenance <host:port of the Kafka server> <full path to the KafkaMaintenance data file> > <full path to the KafkaMaintenance log file> &

The data file and log file won't exist before the first run.
The version numbers in the jars may vary from one release to another.

Commit message:

DB-11112 Kafka Maintenance to Delete Specified Topics (3.1) (#4992)

splice_spark2/README.md, after:

## Native Spark Data Source (NSDS)

### Troubleshooting

#### Kafka Timeout / Kafka Bootstrap Server Config

NSDS times out on Kafka when this param isn't set properly.
The _splice.kafka.bootstrapServers_ param is used by the classes in the DB to connect to Kafka.

In a bare metal installation, be sure the config parameter _splice.kafka.bootstrapServers_ is set as described in [CDH-installation](../platforms/cdh6.3.0/docs/CDH-installation.md) or [HDP-installation](../platforms/hdp3.1.0/docs/HDP-installation.md).

In standalone, it should be fine using the default of _localhost:9092_ and the config param won't need to be set.

### Kafka Maintenance

The [Kafka Maintenance process](src/main/java/com/splicemachine/nsds/kafka/KafkaMaintenance.java) can be run on the 
command line like

    java -cp $jars/splice_spark2-3.1.0.1959-SNAPSHOT-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/kafka-clients-2.2.1-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/log4j-1.2.17.jar:$jars/slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25.jar:$jars/slf4j-api-1.7.15.jar \
        -Dlog4j.configuration=file:$props/info-log4j.properties com.splicemachine.nsds.kafka.KafkaMaintenance localhost:9092 /tmp/km.dat

where $jars is the path to the directory containing the jars from the spliceengine build,
$props is the path to the directory containing the splice log4j properties file, 
localhost:9092 is the host and port of the Kafka server,
and /tmp/km.dat is a data file that will be written by KafkaMaintenance.

Optional Parameters

The first optional parameter that may be added is the number of minutes for the age cutoff. 
A topic won't be deleted until it's older than the cutoff.
It defaults to the number of minutes in a day.

The second optional parameter is a comma-separated list of prefixes of topic names to delete.
Topics with other prefixes will not be deleted.

The third optional parameter is a comma-separated list of prefixes of topic names to keep.
Topics with other prefixes will be deleted.

The second and third optional params are mutually exclusive.
To use the third, pass "" (a pair of double-quotes) for the second.

#### Kafka Maintenance Set Up on Bare Metal

In a bare metal installation, set up an hourly cron job like

    0 * * * * export jars=<full path to the dir containing the spliceengine jars>; java -cp $jars/splice_spark2-3.1.0.1959-SNAPSHOT-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/kafka-clients-2.2.1-cdh6.3.0.jar:$jars/log4j-1.2.17.jar:$jars/slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25.jar:$jars/slf4j-api-1.7.15.jar -Dlog4j.configuration=file:<full path to the directory containing the splice log4j properties file>/info-log4j.properties com.splicemachine.nsds.kafka.KafkaMaintenance <host:port of the Kafka server> <full path to the KafkaMaintenance data file> > <full path to the KafkaMaintenance log file> &

The data file and log file won't exist before the first run.
The version numbers in the jars may vary from one release to another.
